ladies and gentlemen today we're showing
you both bolts a new litter mail out of
zet by Delilah is a gorgeous and
wonderful dog I cannot say enough
positive about this dog I'm playing the
role of a bad guy and commentator today
the case is going to be handling in very
thin hands or him at home with me and my
kids right now it's all you're going to
be seeing very nice protective
demonstration with it today as well as
just getting a look at him some of his
obedience this dog loves to work with
people and it's a really good children's
dog let's play ball
phenomenal in the house hey how's it
going
of course he knows me so I wouldn't
expected a dress to respond what I'm
showing is that even though I'm in the
protection equipment which he knows is
our fight gear he does maintain his
composure basics which is his agitation
column now so what you do a retention
verifying a protection you're going to
see is not just a sport based I'm gonna
be gonna mohand agitation as well as
right arm left arm bikes some barking
holes things like that it's really not
something you're gonna see a sport
orange
okay so you're seeing night day
protection obedience took a little bit
for Katie or Casey to get her hands
horse needed it but as you can see stock
physically restraining the dog and he's
definitely on his way to becoming a
phenomenal personal protection this is
an updated video of all thank you